Added Community Calendar link under Community section (#618)
numpy/numpy.org: content/en/community.md

If you are interested in becoming a NumPy contributor (yay!) we recommend checking out our [Contribute](/contribute) page.

> NumPy also has a [Community Calendar](https://scientific-python.org/calendars/) that lists all upcoming NumPy community events. 

Reviewer: @BhaswatiRoy, consider rewording your sentence as below:

```suggestion
Also, feel free to stop by and say hi at one of our community meetings. To keep track of them, check out our events calendar [here](https://scientific-python.org/calendars/).
```
